Update changelog to include aggregation (#521)
glotzerlab/signac-flow: changelog.txt

Added
+++++

> - Enable support for aggregation - workflows on groups of jobs (#464).

Reviewer: Mentioning the most important new name in the API (`flow.aggregator`) is helpful.
```suggestion
- Add support for aggregation (operations acting on multiple jobs) via ``flow.aggregator`` (#464).
```
